{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg10000\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f5\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica;}{\f449\fbidi \fnil\fcharset161\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica Greek{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f625\fbidi \fnil\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f626\fbidi \fnil\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f628\fbidi \fnil\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f629\fbidi \fnil\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f630\fbidi \fnil\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f5\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica;}{\f449\fbidi \fnil\fcharset161\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica Greek{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f625\fbidi \fnil\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f626\fbidi \fnil\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f628\fbidi \fnil\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f629\fbidi \fnil\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f630\fbidi \fnil\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1033 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1033 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1380587\rsid3168550\rsid4673435\rsid7473953\rsid8981567\rsid10371018\rsid10779785\rsid11434621\rsid11534576\rsid15688731\rsid16069319}{\mmathPr\mmathFont0\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef0\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mwrapRight0\mintLim0\mnaryLim0}{\info{\operator Donald Mastronarde}{\creatim\yr2011\mo1\dy30\hr19\min23}{\revtim\yr2012\mo7\dy14\hr14\min44}{\version8}{\edmins57}{\nofpages14}{\nofwords4048}{\nofchars23078}{\nofcharsws28341}{\vern33157}{\*\saveprevpict}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect \ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale200\rsidroot11434621 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1033 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 ABOUT NEW ATHENA UNICODE v. 4.0}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid10371018 5}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 0 (}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid10371018 July}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587  201}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid3168550 2}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 )\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par CONTENTS:\par I. Introduction\par II. License\par III. Installation\par IV. Revision History\par V. Acknowledgments\par \par I. Introduction\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 New Athena Unicode is a freeware multilingual font distributed by the American Philological Association. It follows the latest version of the Unicode standard and includes characters for English and Western European languages, polytonic Greek, Coptic, Old Italic, and Demotic Egyptian (and Arabic) transliteration, as well as metrical symbols and other characters used by classical scholars.\par \par For a fuller revision history see the later section of this document.\par \par New Athena Unicode is a "smart font": it contains OpenType ligature instructions that allow the display of well-formed precomposed glyphs in response to input of two or more Unicode code points. This capability allows the use of combinations like alpha with macron and acute and smooth breathing depending only on official Unicode code points. Ligatures are also used for correct placement of dots (U+0323) under Greek characters or strokes over Coptic characters. The same capability is helpful or necessary for some characters needed for papyrological transliterations of Demotic Egyptian or Arabic. Proper display of such features requires use of modern applications that support them. For information on compatible applications see:\par \par http://apagreekkeys.org/compatibility.html\par \par Since version 3.4 of January 2009 the American Philological Association has made New Athena Unicode available under an Open Font License (see next section).\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par \par II. License\par \par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li700\ri720\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin720\lin700\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs28\insrsid1380587 The TrueType version of Athena font and the TrueType version of New Athena Unicode font are made available to all as freeware to facilitate communication on the internet. They may be used in digital or print publication without further permission from the APA. They may not be altered or redistributed without permission.\par \par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 For Version 3.4 (and later) of New Athena Unicode the APA has adopted an Open Font License, which is even more expansive than the language above: see the license that accompanies the download or http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 For complete license details applying to other APA fonts and GreekKeys inputs/keyboards, consult the GreekKeys web site (http://apagreekkeys.org/). }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 III. Installation\par \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 Before installing }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid3168550 a new version}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid1380587  of the font, be sure to remove the previous version, if you have been using New Athena Unicode before. The earlier versions may be named newathu.ttf or New Athena Unicode.dfont. In recent versions of Mac OS X you can open the Font}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid3168550  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 Book application and remove the old version and then add the new version.\par \par For users of MS Office 2008 for Mac OS X, it may also be helpful to delete the file ~/Library/Preferences/Microsoft/Office 2008/Office Font Cache (12) and restart your computer after removing one version of the font and installing the new one.\par \par New Athena Unicode is provided only in the .ttf format, which works the same on Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux.\par \par Windows: Open the Control Panel "Fonts" and use the command "Add Font..." (for fuller instructions see http://apagreekkeys.org/installActivate.html).\par \par Mac OS X: In recent versions of OS X, simply double-click on the font file and Font}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid3168550  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 Book will open and offer you a button for installing the font. Font}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid3168550  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 Book will also indicate whether you have multiple copies of the font installed. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid3168550 Or open Font Book }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid16069319 and use the Add Fonts\u8230\'c9 command }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid10779785 (File menu or gear icon). (M}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 anual installation}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid10779785  is no longer recommended in MAc OS X.)}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid1380587  (for fuller instructions see http://apagreekkeys.org/installActivate.html#macfont). If an application in which you want to use the newly-installed font is running, quit it and relaunch it.  \par \par PUA Incompatibilities\par \par In some installations of earlier versions of Mac OS X, the font LiHei Pro may be present in the font collection available to the system. This font contains conflicts with the PUA code points of precomposed characters like epsilon with circumflex. If you try to enter such a character with the GreekKeys Unicode input are by using the Character Palette, an Asian character may appear instead of the character you want. To have access to the conflicting Greek characters, you should open the application FontBook (which is installed by default in OS X), then under Collection click on All Fonts. Scroll through the list in the Font column to LiHei Pro and select it. Then under the File menu choose the command Remove Font. Then restart, and the conflict should be gone. (An alternative may be to choose the command Disable Font under the Edit menu.)\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par \par IV. Revision History}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid10371018 \par July 2012: 4.05\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid10371018\charrsid10779785 --}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid10371018 It was discovered that the ligatures were not working correctly in TextEdit and Word for OS X; the OpenType ligature tables were not being used by these applications because there were AAT tables present that were not supposed to be in the font any more, and the AAT tables were corrupt (a symptom of this was that the sequence dg would have }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid11534576 \u281\'5f substituted for it)}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid10371018 . Version 4.05 for all four styles of the font was generated in such as way as to ensure the AAT tables were not included. Otherwise, there was }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid11534576 no change in the glyphs of the font, only an updating of the font information and version number.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid10371018 \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid10779785 February 2012: 4.03\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid10779785\charrsid10779785 --Worki}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid10779785 ng}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid10779785\charrsid10779785  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid10779785 on the other APA fonts revealed that the automatic bolding routine in FontLab Studio may leave some glyph elements of composite characters unenlarged (or even reduced)}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid8981567 . Therefore, the Bold version of NAU has been carefully revised to remove such errors and to reduce the incidence of overlapping of different parts of composite charactera. Once the Bold version was fixed, a new Bold Italic version was generated. The Regular and Italic version have been updated solely in their font information, so that all styles are at the same version number and nearly the same date. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid10779785 \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid8981567\charrsid10779785 \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid4673435 July 2011: 4.02}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid4673435\charrsid15688731 --}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid4673435 A typographical error in the OpenType tables was removed after being spotted by a user (it is not clear whether this typo had any effect). Otherwise the same as 4.01.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid4673435 \par \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid15688731 March 2011: 4.01\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid15688731\charrsid15688731 --}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid15688731 U+2212 (minus) added at the request of a user.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid15688731\charrsid15688731 \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid15688731 \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid7473953 Feb}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 uary 2011: 4.00\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --revisions have been made in the Supplemental Punctuation block starting at U+2E00; namely, the characters at U+2E18-2E1B, U+2E1E-2E31 have all been added; the ten characters at U+2E20-2E29 were present before at U+2E40-2E49, the code points originally proposed, but in the final approval U+2E20-2E29 were assigned instead (the characters are still duplicated at U+2E41-2E49 in version 4.00 for backward compatibility, but users are advised to replace those characters with the correct ones, as U+2E41-2E49 will be deleted in some future version of the font).\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid11434621 --U+031A and U+2319 added.\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --U+2229 (logical intersection) and U+222A (logical union) have been added.\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid7473953 --Italic, Bold, and Bold Italic versions have also been produced for beta testing.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid7473953 \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par May 2010: 3.71\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --design adjustments have been made to many roman glyphs; previously curved letters like o, c,s had "overshoots" which caused irregular screen display of letter heights in Adobe Reader/Acrobat (Mac and Windows) and in Word for Windows, although printed versions and screen display in most other applications was fine; with elimination of the overshoots, even Adobe Reader/Acrobat and Word for Windows now shows the roman characters with a uniform height.\par --precomposed characters with epsilon or omicron with breve and diacritics (breathing and/or acute or grave) have been added, along with the needed OpenType ligature definitions; then have to be entered with Character Viewer/Character Map or by composition from epsilon breve or omicron breve followed by combining diacritic, or by using the PUA code points U+EC73 through U+EC82.\par --about three dozen additional roman characters with diacritics have been added to cover most or all of what is needed for some kinds of transliteration of Hebrew (please see the revised cmap file that will be posted soon at the GreekKeys site for a complete list of characters).}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par \par February 2010: 3.70\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --design adjustments have been made to a few glyphs: the shapes of left and right single and double quotes have been made uniform (most noticeable in the improvement of U+2019, which serves as apostrophe in Greek); the dotted crosses U+203B and U+205C have been made similar in size and the dots made uniform with the dots in the nearby punctuation code points; U+10176 has been somewhat enlarged for better conformity to its new alternative form U+EC65; numerical lowercase koppa, U+03DF, has been lowered so that the open loop sits on the baseline and there is a descender; the double vertical bar, U+205B, and the double square brackets, U+301A, U+301B, have been given wider verticals so that they appear more legible and uniform at small sizes.\par --a large number of unusual precomposed combinations and a few PUA glyphs (see U+EC55 through U+EC71) have been added in response to the needs of scholars writing catalogues of Greek manuscripts (credit is due to Robert Allison for contributing several glyphs and abundant advice). A table of these new items has been added to the listing on the GreekKeys website (apagreekkeys.org/technicalDetails.html#PUA); please consult it for fuller details.\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par November 2009: 3.61\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --four PUA glyphs added at the request of papyrologists to provide variants for abbreviations common in papyri: U+EC51 (4 chalkoi = half obolos), U+EC52 (drachme), U+EC53 and U+ED54 (two variants of }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 etos}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 ).\par \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 October 2009: 3.60\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --the heights of Cyrillic characters (U+0400 through U+045F) have been made more uniform \par \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 September 2009: 3.502\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --four glyphs added for eta with breve, eta with macron, omega with breve, omega with macron (to help with an unusual papyrological text), and OpenType ligature definitions added. These can be displayed only when ligatures are turned on (MS Word 2008); to enter them, you must type the vowel normally and then input U+0304 (combining macron) or U+0306 (combining breve) immediately after the vowel (you can do this by switching to Unicode Hex input and typing 0304 or 0306 while continuously holding down the option key). There is no direct method for this with GreekKeys Unicode input.\par \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 September 2009: 3.5\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --glyphs have been added to the font to improve support of papyrological transliterations  by adding the precomposed glyphs needed for Arabic. Most of the needed characters were already present, but the new ones are:  U+02BE (modifier letter half ring right, used for Arabic transliteration hams), U+02BF (letter modifier letter half ring left, used for Arabic transliteration yin), U+1E0C (D with dot below) U+1E0D (s with dot below), U+1E20 (G with macron), U+1E21 (g with macron), U+1E62 (S with dot below), U+1E63 (s with dot below), U+1E6C (T with dot below), U+1E6D (t with dot below), U+1E92 (Z with dot below), U+1E93 (z with dot below), precomposed t with diaeresis (U+0074, U+0308). \par --OpenType ligature definitions have been added to reflect the new combinations in the above additions (for instance, g (U+0067) followed by combining macron (U+0304 is replaced in ligature with U+1E21), and for different options for the combining diacritic for Egyptological yod transliteration (the same precomposed ligature result will appear whether i is followed by U+0313 or U+0357 or U+0486).\par --modifications have been made to render the heights of the Greek capital letters more uniform in height. Some differences in height previously in the font were probably the result of accidental processes.\par --modifications have been made to render the lowercase Roman characters more uniform in height (formerly, some lowercase letters were noticeably shorter than others).\par --the numbers 0-9 have been redrawn as modern-style numbers, resting on the baseline and rising to approximately the height of the capitals; the old-style numbers (with some portions descending below the baseline, and the height generally approximately that of lowercase letters) are still present in the font as alternatives, for those who know how to access them.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par \par \par August 2009: 3.45\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --three glyphs have been added to the font to improve support of symbols needed for New Testament textual studies and editions: U+1D459 (symbol small italic l), U+1D513 (capital P symbol in Fraktur style), U+1D516 (capital S symbol in Fraktur style).\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 January 2009: 3.4\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --copyright information embedded in the font has been modified to adopt the Open Font License v. 1.1.\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par April 2008: 3.3\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --corrected height of glyph for lunate sigma to match other lowercase letters better\par --corrected Coptic character U+03E7 to match the common shape of this character better, and made minor adjustments to thickness of strokes of a few other Coptic characters\par --added dotted glyphs for lowercase Greek characters (including those with diacritics), for better placement of underdots in programs capable of using OpenType ligatures\par --added dotted glyphs for lowercase Coptic characters, for better placement of underdots in programs capable of using OpenType ligatures\par --added glyphs for lowercase Coptic characters with combining overstroke (U+0305), for better placement of overstrokes in programs capable of using OpenType ligatures\par \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par \par January 2008: 3.2\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --corrected glyph for alpha with breve and grave, which had been larger than other alphas\par --generated font with OpenType features only, omitting Apple AAT, since the latter features do not work as completely as OpenType and their presence prevents TextEdit and NeoOffice from using the OpenType features; with this change, ligatures now work equally well in Mellel, TextEdit, NeoOffice, and InDesign (and also Word 2008)\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par \par December 2007: 3.1\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --glyph for middot U+00b7 (now recommended for the Greek high stop or colon) redrawn to match the height of lowercase Greek letters; U+03d5 (phi symbol, not for use as text) redrawn so that vertical rises above loop. \par --added glyphs to cover characters specified in latest quickbeta guide from TLG (various brackets U+2E40-41, U+2E46-49, U+2227-2228\par --added glyphs for pipeline characters for Latin inscriptions (reversed F, I longa, etc., U+a7fb-ff)\par --added glyphs for pipeline characters for Roman weights and measures and coin symbols (U+10190-1019A)\par --added glyphs for pipeline characters for Coptic cryptogrammatic forms and combining ni above, combining spiritus asper and spiritus lenis (U+2CEB-2CF1)\par --added definitions for OpenType and AAT ligatures to allow input of completely decomposed Unicode \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par June 2007: 3.0\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --added glyphs for pipeline characters Egyptological Alef ([new] capital U+A722, small U+A723 = [PUA] U+EC42), Egyptological Ain ([new] U+A724, U+A725 = [PUA] U+EC43) and forthcoming new half square brackets (U+2E42-2E45). These characters are not yet referenced in the respective inputs.\par --added glyph for pipeline character Greek capital KAI symbol, U+03CF (previously available in PUA at U+E1A6)\par --added epsilon with macron and circumflex (U+EB27), epsilon with macron and smooth and circumflex (U+EB20), epsilon with macron and rough and circumflex (U+EB21), omicron with macron and circumflex (U+EB5A), omicron with macron and smooth and circumflex (U+EB5B), omicron with macron and rough and circumflex (U+EB5C)\par --redrew U+03E2, U+03E3 to make the tail of the character more distinct\par --redrew some glyphs of Ancient Greek Numbers block (U+10140 to U+1018A) to create greater uniformity of width of stems and size of characters\par --added Old Italic block, U+10300 through U+1031E, U+10320 through U+10323\par --revised the OpenType tables to include duplication of definitions with various declarations of language and script. This is needed to make OpenType features work uniformly in OpenType-savvy applications in both OS X Tiger and OS X Leopard. OS X Applications using AAT ligatures instead of OpenType still suffer from a bug affecting a few combinations.\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par August 2006: 2.85/2.86\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 This is mostly a maintenance release containing a very few under-the-hood corrections to v. 2.8, mainly in glyph names (which are not really significant to the end-user).\par --[v. 2.86] added glyphs for Coptic papyrology, U+EC4F coptic iota with diaeresis, U+EC50 coptic ua with diaeresis (these can also be entered decomposed in applications that interpret smart features: U+2C93,U+-308 and U+2CA9,U+0308)\par --added glyphs for U+03D2, U_03D3, U+03D4 \par --added glyphs for pipeline characters U+0370 capital heta (same shape as  U+10142), U+0371 small heta, U+0372 capital archaic sampi (same shape as Private Use Area U+E19C), U+0373 small archaic sampi, U+0376 capital Pamphylian digamma, U+0377 small Pamphylian digamma, which will be in a future version of Unicode}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par \par July 2006: v. 2.8\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --added Gcaro}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af449 \ltrch\fcs0 \f449\fs24\insrsid1380587 \u957\'ed}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587  U+01E6\par --revised names of some glyphs to match latest recommendation from Adobe for naming glyphs\par --added OpenType ligature features so that the font now works if you input decomposed Unicode sequences; added additional features to Apple MIF table to match OpenType ligatures\par --exchanged the glyphs for U+2E14 and U+2E15 (had previously followed original proposal made by TLG, but am now informed the mistaken swapping of these two glyphs in Unicode 4 will be permanent}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par March 2006: v. 2.7\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --addition of various combining diacritics, some to complement Coptic characters: 030b, 030d, 030e, 030f, 0315, 0316, 0317, 0320, 0324, 0325, 0327, 0329, 032a, 032b, 032c, 0335, 0337, 0351, 0359, 035e, 035f, 037b, 037c, 037d; Claudian letter half H 2c75, 2c76\par --redrew ec46 and ec49 (PUA codepoints for egyptological yod) to make the diacritic match the upper hook of eqyptological alef (closer in form to the combining right half ring above 0359)\par --added ec4a as PUA precomposed form of Coptic u (2ca9) with short cross stroke (0335)}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par September 2005: v 2.6\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --addition of capital Egyptological yod (PUA U+ec49) as precomposed character, and of U+0269, U+033f, U+2053, U+2056 to complete set of characters needed for Coptic\par --made endash, emdash, and quotation dash (U+2013-2015) thicker to match rest of font\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par July 2005: v 2.5\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --addition of 28 characters, mostly to accommodate the needs of Demotic Egyptian transliteration using Unicode codepoints (roman characters with diacritics) and a few PUA codepoints\par --minor adjustments and corrections to a few characters (e.g. those with made with strokes of too little weight, such as U+27C0, U+27C1)\par --resized slightly and adjusted vertical height of lowercase epsilon, nu, chi, kappa (nu in particular had somehow become too tall and too heavy)}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par \par June 2005: v 2.4\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --expanded font to include all official Unicode codepoints mentioned in the May 27, 2005, version of TLG Beta Code Quick Reference Guide [EXCEPTIONS: the astrological symbols on pp. 11-12, betacodes #202-250, in the block starting at U+2600].\par --added a few additional symbols closely related to other new symbols (U+2126, 2193, 223C, 271C); added U+0158, omitted by oversight in previous version\par --corrected U+25EF\par --revised paragraphos symbols U+2E0F, 2E10, 2E11 as zero-width characters to be typed at beginning of line, extending slightly into left margin and under the first characters of the line\par --corrected problem with extra height in U+1FB0 (but FontLab may still produce some characters at wrong size)}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par \par [April 2005: very limited test release, never posted for download\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --added Coptic letters in the Greek and Coptic block (03E2-3EF), imitating the letterforms in the proposals for Unicode 4.1\par --added Coptic letters in the new Coptic block (2C80-2CFF), imitating the letterforms in the proposals for Unicode 4.1}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 ]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par April 2005: v 2.3\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --adjusted vertical placement of upper half brackets (U+2308, U+2309) and of square bracket\par --corrected orientation of U+0312\par --corrected shape of U+0309\par --extended length of combining overscore (U+0305); renamed U+00af as "macron" and U+02c9 as "macron2"}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par \par March 2005: v. 2.2\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --the character U+0123 (gcommaaccent) was corrected (the accent had been turned the wrong way)\par --various corrections were made to the character outlines (removal of redundant nodes and the like)\par --minor modifications were made to the spacing of characters, and greater consistency was sought for spacing of characters in same class\par --combined characters that had accidentally been left composed in the font were decomposed to insure sizes of characters in same class were uniform\par --newly generated font apparently fixes a problem that made some sizes of the previous version overlap Greek characters in Windows applications}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par \par January 2005: v. 2.1\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --representation of U+2058 (four dot punctuation) revised to match picture in Unicode 4.1 chart (four dots form a diamond, not a square).\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par \par September 2004: v2.0\par \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 \par --adjustment of height specifications of the font to try to allow correct display of capitals with macron, breve, or diaeresis above in Microsoft Word 2004 for Mac OS X. It is still necessary for the user to manually set the line-spacing (in Format:Paragraph...) to At least: [2 pts larger than the size of the font]. This adjustment did correct a fault in the font that made it unusable in BBEdit 7.x, where earlier versions were displayed with too little line height, cutting off the bottom of the glyphs; and improved rendering in Windows.\par --agreed on new PUA assignments for precomposed glyphs for alpha, iota, and upsilon with breve and macron and other diacritics (codepoints will be shared with ALPHABETUM font of Juan-Jos\u233\'8e Marcos and other fonts).\par --added precomposed glyphs and assigned PUA codepoints in agreement with scheme already used by Ralph Hancock and others (omicron or epsilon with macron and other diacritics, etc.).\par --changed capital vowels with iota adscript to show iota at regular size; retained alternative versions with shrunken iota (and older Unicode versions with subscript iota under capitals) in PUA (starting at EC20) for anyone who really wants those glyphs.\par --a number of characters with overlapping contours corrected by merging contours\par --roman characters with ogonek revised for correct placement of ogonek\par --various roman characters and symbols improved in spacing or design in response to suggestions}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 --added left and right angle brackets 2329 and 232a as distinct from greater than and lesser than signs\par --additional characters from TLG proposals (approved by Unicode, but still in process of ISO approval): \par [for the following codepoints see information at http://www.unicode.org/alloc/Pipeline.html as well as the information at the TLG website about unicode proposals and betacode to Unicode equivalences]\par 0359 combining asterisk below\par 035c combining double breve below (papyrological hyphen)\par 03f4 capital theta symbol\par 03f5 lunate epsilon symbol\par 03f6 reversed lunate epsilon symbol\par 03fc rho with stroke symbol\par 03fd-03ff antisigma, sigma dotted, antisigma dotted\par 1dc0-1dc1 dotted grave and acute (combining)\par 2058-2059 four and five dot punctuation\par 205a, 205b, 205c, 205d, 205e two dot punctuation,four dot mark,  dotted cross, tricolon, four dots verticaL\par 23d1-23d9 metrical symbols (along with TLG metrical symbols in other ranges)\par 27co-27c1 misc. mathematical symbols\par 2e00-2e0c New Testament editorial characters (and 2e0d as mirror of 2e0c)\par 2e0e-2e16 supplemental punctuation including coronis, paragraphos, etc.\par 10140-10174 ancient Greek acrophonic numerals\par 10175-10189 ancient Greek papyrological numerals\par 1018a Greek zero sign\par 1d200-1d245 archaic Greek musical notation\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 \par December 2003: v1.9\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 \par --The encoding of the double brackets and of the half brackets has been corrected. The former are now U+27e6 and U+27e7 (mathematical) instead of U+301a and U+301b (CJK). The latter are now U+230a, U+230b, U+2308, U+2309 instead of U+231e, U+231f, U+231c (U+2309 has been newly added for completeness). The corrected encodings are those recommended by TLG.\par \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 August 2003: v1.85\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 \par --characters \u339\'cf \u230\'be \u248\'bf of the roman portion of the font repaired (these had been out of proportion to other lowercase letters).\par \par \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 May 2003: v1.8\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 \par --precomposed glyphs added to facilitate display of macron or circumflex or circumflex plus either breathing over epsilon and omicron\par --ligature definitions added to correspond to the added glyphs (again this depends on MIF files supported only by TextEdit)\par \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 March 2003\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 \par --ligature definitions adjusted to allow correct display of macron or breve with diacritics in sizes 12 and below (Dec 2002 version showed the ligatures only in size 13 and higher)\par \par --spacing of glyphs based on omega regularized (some had insufficient width on right and crashed slightly with the following character)\par \par \par \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 December 14, 2002: v. 1.55}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 \par \par --uppercase lunate sigma moved to 03f9, the proposed location (had been 03f4, now officially assigned to a different glyph)\par \par --archaic koppa now officially assigned to 03d9\par \par --uppercase archaic koppa added at 03d8\par \par --glyph for 0314 (equivalent to rough breathing with no space) corrected (was turned wrong way)\par \par --archaic san and San added at 03fb and 03fa\par \par --Bactrian sho and Sho added at 03f8 and 03f7\par \par --glyphs added for alpha, iota, or upsilon with macron or breve and other diacritics, with use of Apple-supported MIF files (which work only in TextEdit)\par \par --alternate form of pi (03d6) corrected (had been incompletely drawn and was like omega)\par \par --iota subscript on capital vowels moved to adscript position (as in Unicode 3)\par \par --corrections to included non-Greek glyphs that were incomplete or erroneous:\par - Scaron (U+0160): caron missing\par - scaron (U+0161): caron missing\par - Aring (U+00C5): ring missing\par - Yacute (U+00DD): acute missing\par - aring (U+00E5): ring missing\par - Ebreve (U+0114): E missing\par - Ecaron (U+011A): E missing\par - Ibreve (U+012C): macron instead of a breve over the I\par - Nacute (U+0143): acute too far to the right\par - nacute (U+0144): acute too far to the right\par - Zacute (U+0179): acute too far to the right\par - zacute (U+017A): acute too far to the right\par - Edotaccent (U+0116): E missing.\par - ring (combining) added (U+030A)\par \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 August 2002}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs24\insrsid1380587 \par New Athena Unicode created by additions and revisions to Athena Unicode, a font originated by Jeffrey Rusten (with the Greek characters taken from his GreekKeys Athenian font) and corrected by Ralph Hancock.\par \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 V. Acknowledgments\par \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs28\insrsid1380587 New Athena Unicode is based on Athena Roman, a Unicode font created by Jeffrey Rusten including the polytonic Greek glyphs from the Athenian font he designed ca. 1990 based on various upright Greek fonts. Ralph Hancock made a number of corrections and improvements to Athena Roman. After I took over support of GreekKeys for the American Philological Association in 2001, I also began development of New Athena Unicode in order to support the use of polytonic Unicode Greek on the WWW. Like all scholars of Greek, I am indebted to the staff of the Thesaurus Linguae Graecae and its Director Maria Pantelia, who have shepherded many additional symbols needed by Hellenists through the process of incorporation into the Unicode Standard (versions 4.0 and later). New Athena Unicode therefore contains all the symbols previously available in the non-standard-encoded SymbolAthenian font (part of the traditional GreekKeys package).\par \par During work on various versions, advice and help has been generously provided by members of Apple Computer's Font Group (Deborah Goldsmith, Lee Collins, Peter Lofting), Maria Pantelia, Nick Nicholas, and Richard Peevers of TLG, Ralph Hancock (author of the Antioch input schemes for Windows), Juan-Jos\u233\'8e Marcos (author of the ALPHABETUM font), and Deborah Anderson of the Script Encoding Initiative. Work on this font could not have been completed without FontLab 4.5 and 4.6 and 5.x for Mac OS X, BBEdit 7.x and 8.x from BareBones Software, and Apple FontToolsX. \par \par I am not a professional font designer, and most of my computer knowledge is at the level of the minimum needed to move forward with what I want to accomplish. There are various imperfections in the font, and compromises have been made in the interest of practicality (especially in the use of Private Use Area [=PUA] encoding) and inclusiveness (some glyphs are included whose use I would not myself endorse). For these shortcomings and other errors that may be detected, the responsibility is mine.\par \par Donald Mastronarde\par djmastronarde@berkeley.edu\par http://ucbclassics.dreamhosters.com/djm/\par }{\*\themedata 504b0304140006000800000021001b898e1bfe0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cf6ac3300cc6ef83bd83f175244e77186324e961ed6efb73e81e40384a6296c8c6564bfbf653d216c62885c12e0659d2f7fd2495cbfd38a81dc6e43c557a91175a2159df38ea2afdb979c91eb54a0cd4c0e0092b7dc0a497f5ed4db939044c4aba2955ba670e4fc624dbe30829f7014932ad8f23b084b13301ec177468ee8be2c1584f8cc4194f1aba2e57d8c27660b5decbf79144dab57a3ed64d5695861006678105d44c595397ef021e5d83ea0322bfc128558605017fbe8bfcbad68e9a5fc0996f5b67b1f1763b0a663e4bdefdc5f31548868dffe37c123b035c5856c4215dd9d685094fe7c8a573de68ea5d48670733dfb6fe060000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100215aa28421070000db1d0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6cec594f6f1b4514bf23f11d467b2fb113274da23a55ecd80db469a3d82dea71bc3bf64e33bbb39a1927f10db547242444411ca8c48d03022ab51297f269024550a47e05deccecae77e271939400153487d63bfb7b6fdefbbd3ff367af5c3d4a183a2042529e3683fa7bb5009134e4114d47cde076bf7b69354052e134c28ca7a4194c880cae6ebcfbce15bcae62921004f2a95cc7cd20562a5b5f5890210c63f91ecf480aef865c2458c1a3182d44021f82de842d2cd66a2b0b09a66980529c80da5bc3210d09ea6b95c146a1bcc3e03155520f844cf4b46ae248186cb45fd70839916d26d00166cd00e689f8619f1ca900312c15bc680635f3172c6c5c59c0ebb9105373642b725df397cbe502d1fea299538c06e5a4f56e63edf256a9df00989ac5753a9d76a75eea33001c86e0a9b5a5aab3d15dadb70a9d1590fd39abbb5d5bae355c7c45ffd28ccd6bad566b792db7c52a3520fbb331835fadad3436171dbc0159fcf20cbed1da6cb7571cbc0159fcca0cbe7b796da5e1e20d286634dd9f41eb8076bbb9f61232e46cdb0b5f05f86a2d874f51900d6576e929863c55f3722dc1f7b8e8024003195634456a9291210e218bdb98d181a07a02bc4e70e58d1d0ae5cc909e0bc950d04c35830f320c1531d5f7f2d9772f9f3d41c7f79f1edffff1f8c183e3fb3f58458ed4364e4755a917df7cfac7a38fd0ef4fbe7ef1f0733f5e56f1bf7cfff1cf3f7de60742f94ccd79fec5e35f9f3e7efee527bf7dfbd003df14785085f7694224ba490ed11e4fc031c38a6b391988f349f4634cab129be948e214eb593cfa3b2a76d0372798610fae455c06ef08681f3ee0b5f13dc7e05e2cc62a8fb7e3d9f53871803b9cb316175e16aeebb92a34f7c7e9c83fb91857717b181ff8e66ee3d4896f679c41dfa43e95ed983866ee329c2a3c22295148bfe3fb8478f8ba4ba9c3eb0e0d05977ca8d05d8a5a987a29e9d381934d53a16d9a405c263e0321de0e373b77508b339fd75be4c045425560e631be4f9843e3353c5638f1a9ece3845509bf8155ec33b237116115d7910a223d228ca34e44a4f4c9dc12e06f25e8d7a175f8c3bec326898b148aeefb74dec09c57915b7cbf1de324f3617b348dabd8f7e53ea42846bb5cf9e03bdcad10fd0c71c0e9dc70dfa1c409f7e9dde0361d39264d1344bf190b4f2caf11eee46f6fc286989856034ddde9d5094d5fd5b813e8dbb9e317d7b8a1553effea91c7ee37b5656f0209be9ad93ed1a8e7e14eb6e73617117df3bbf3161ea7bb040a6276897adb9cdf36e7e03fdf9ce7d5f3c5b7e469178606adb74c76a36db6ddc9dc5df79032d65313466e48b3f196b0f6445d18d472e6c449ca535816c34f5dc93081831b096c6490e0ea43aae25e8c33d8b4d703ad642473d52389322ee1b06886bdba351e36feca1e3597f521c4760e89d50e8fecf0921e2ece1aa51a63d5c81c688b8996b482b34eb67439570abebdce64756dd49967ab1bd34c5374662b5dd6149b4339505eba0683259bb0a941b015029657e0ccafa786c30e6624d2bcdb1815613151f87b42947b6d1d8971446c889ce10a9b7513bb228566fcd3eed91c391f9b256b40dae94698b4989f3f6724b950302519044f56134babb5c55274d80cd69617970314e2ac190ce1980b3f930c8226f53610b311dc15854ad8ac3db5164d914e3d5ef367551d6e2ee6148c53c699906a0bcbd8c6d0bcca43c5523d93b57f71b9a193ed621cf03493b359b1b40a29f2af5901a176434b864312aa6ab02b239a3bfb9877423e5644f4e2e8100dd858ec61083f70aafd89a884db0a53d0fa01aed634dbe695db5bf34e53bdd032383b8e5916e3bc5beaab99a2e22cdcf493d206f354310f7cf3da6e9c3bbf2bbae22fca956a1affcf5cd1cb015c1e2c453a0221dcec0a8c74a534032e54cca10b65310dbb02d67dd33b205be07a165e03f970bf6cfe17e440ff6f6bceea30650d6740b547474850584e542c08d985b664b2ef1465f57ce9b12a59aec86454c55c9959b307e480b0beee812bba070728865437dd246f03067732ffdce7bc820623bd47a9d69bd3c9caa5d3d6c03fbd71b1c50c4e9dd84be8fc2df82f4d2c57f7e9ea67e58d78b146561dd12fa6bba4465115cee2b7b6964ff59a269c6501aeacb5b663cd78bcb85c1807519cf51806cbfd4c06574048ff03eb1f1521b31f2bf482dae77bd05b117c7bb0fc21c8ea4bbaab4106e906697f0d60df63076d32695596da7ce7a3592b16eb0bdea896f39e205b5b7696789f93ec7213e54ee7d4e245929d33ec706dc7e6520d913d59a230342cce212630e62b57f543141fdc83406fc195ff98d94f533283275307d9ae30d935e0d124ffc9a45d706dd6e9338c46b2748f0c118d8e8af347c9842d21fb79a4d8221bb416d389560a2ef90e0dae608ed7a276b52c85174f172e25ccccd0b24b617397e653001fc7f2c6ad8f7680b74dd67aad8bab608aa57f85b23318efa7cc7bf2392b65f6a0f8ca40bd0665eae8d594e54c0179b389079f370586a357cff45f58746ca69b94ddf8130000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d00140006000800000021001b898e1bfe0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000002f0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000180200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100215aa28421070000db1d00001600000000000000000000000000d50200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000000000000000000000002a0a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000250b00000000}{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d61696e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax276\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010001000200000010000000584d4c2e5341585265616465722e3500000000000000000000060000d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff5200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000002000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f000000000000000000000000a6799fd80962cd01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000100010000000000}}